docs: add code of conduct (#218)
adevinta/spark: documentation/contributing/JudgmentAndDecisionMaking.mdx

## [Judgment and decision-making](https://zeroheight.com/2c2e9ba82/p/177da9-judgment-and-decision-making)

There are many correct ways to do things and solve problems. Many times we have to make decisions without the help of best-practice examples to follow and move forward. To deal with uncertainty and still move forward we foster having strong opinions, weakly held

- If you are at risk of getting stuck due to the ambiguity or difference of opinions, make decisions that will help us moving forward
- Make short-term decisions based on long-term goals
- Evaluate tools and integrations by the risk they present, not just the solution they offer. If the risk is high pay special attention.

> - Prioritize solutions for people who use SUI Components and how it serves the customers who use products built with SUI Components

Reviewer: Hi, it should be Spark components I guess :)

> - Prioritize solutions for people who use SUI Components and how it serves the customers who use products built with SUI Components

Author: ```suggestion
- Prioritize solutions for people who use spark-ui and how it serves the customers who use products built with spark-ui
```
